Issue #1218 - enable reverse chain (_has) search (#1666)
IBM/FHIR: docs/src/pages/Conformance.md

* `_security`
* `_source`
* `_type`
* `_has`

These parameters can be used while searching any single resource type or while searching across resource types (whole system search).
The `_type` parameter is special in that it is only applicable for whole system search. The `_has` parameter has two restrictions:

> It cannot be used in combination with the `_type` parameter, and the search parameter specified at the end of its chain cannot be
> a search result parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

* `_has` cannot be used in combination with the `_type` parameter.
* The search parameter specified at the end of its chain cannot be a search result parameter.
```

Author: done
